2015-2016/A/12/03/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:43:43 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Enter rows:   .  . . .
```
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
220
```
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv 23456789ÐJQKA
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```

```

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/12/03/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:02 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Enter rows:   .  . . .
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
220
```

 Final points are 2.5
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv Greshen masiv 23456789ÐJQKA
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```
ÔÓÒÑÐ
```

 Final points are 0
