2015-2016/A/15/03/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:43:58 2016

## Evaluating cards.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Input triangle height:    .   /_\
```
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
87
```
But was:
```
Input roman number: Roman number in decimal is: 87
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
Input roman number: Roman number in decimal is: 219
```
## Evaluating reverse.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating triangle.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating romanNumerals.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 timeout 🕐
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```
Input your string: olleH
```

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/15/03/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:04 2016

## Evaluating cards.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Input triangle height:    .   /_\
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
87
```
But was:
```
Input roman number: Roman number in decimal is: 87
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
Input roman number: Roman number in decimal is: 219
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating reverse.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating triangle.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating romanNumerals.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 timeout 🕐

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```
Input your string: olleH
```

 Final points are 0
