2015-2016/A/19/03/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:44:17 2016

## Evaluating cards.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Enter number: EMPTY TRIANGLE   * ***  FILLED TRIANGLE   * ***
```
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
87
```
But was:
```
Note: numbers other than C,L,X,V,I and that are not Roman will be excluded from the calculations. Enter Number:Number in decimal: 87
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
Note: numbers other than C,L,X,V,I and that are not Roman will be excluded from the calculations. Enter Number:Number in decimal: 219
```
## Evaluating reverse.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating triangle.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating todec.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
13 cards deck. Note: There can be only one A,K,Q,J or T. Enter the cards: Cards in ascending order:¢Ð2345678QAKJ9
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 passed ✔︎

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/19/03/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:07 2016

## Evaluating cards.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
Enter number: EMPTY TRIANGLE   * ***  FILLED TRIANGLE   * ***
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
87
```
But was:
```
Note: numbers other than C,L,X,V,I and that are not Roman will be excluded from the calculations. Enter Number:Number in decimal: 87
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```
Note: numbers other than C,L,X,V,I and that are not Roman will be excluded from the calculations. Enter Number:Number in decimal: 219
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating reverse.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating triangle.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating todec.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
13 cards deck. Note: There can be only one A,K,Q,J or T. Enter the cards: Cards in ascending order:¢Ð2345678QAKJ9
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5
