2015-2016/V/12/05/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:25:04 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Matrix

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7elZ1MmtNQzFYWkk

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1 5 9 13 2 6 10 14 3 7 11 15 4 8 12 16
```
But was:
```
Enter the number on 0 0 postions Enter the number on 0 1 postions Enter the number on 0 2 postions Enter the number on 0 3 postions Enter the number on 1 0 postions Enter the number on 1 1 postions Enter the number on 1 2 postions Enter the number on 1 3 postions Enter the number on 2 0 postions Enter the number on 2 1 postions Enter the number on 2 2 postions Enter the number on 2 3 postions Enter the number on 3 0 postions Enter the number on 3 1 postions Enter the number on 3 2 postions Enter the number on 3 3 postions 1 2 3 4  5 6 7 8  9 10 11 12  13 14 15 16  1 5 9 13  2 6 10 14  3 7 11 15  4 8 12 16
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Palindrome

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7elZ1MmtNQzFYWkk

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5

Commit message:

Evaluating hw from 3 up for all classes

2015-2016/V/12/05/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
Tue Jan 26 00:47:04 2016
## Matrix (Task 1)
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7elZ1MmtNQzFYWkk

### Testcase 1 failed
Input
```
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
```


Expected
```
1 5 9 13 2 6 10 14 3 7 11 15 4 8 12 16
```


Output
```
Enter the number on 0 0 postions Enter the number on 0 1 postions Enter the number on 0 2 postions Enter the number on 0 3 postions Enter the number on 1 0 postions Enter the number on 1 1 postions Enter the number on 1 2 postions Enter the number on 1 3 postions Enter the number on 2 0 postions Enter the number on 2 1 postions Enter the number on 2 2 postions Enter the number on 2 3 postions Enter the number on 3 0 postions Enter the number on 3 1 postions Enter the number on 3 2 postions Enter the number on 3 3 postions 1 2 3 4  5 6 7 8  9 10 11 12  13 14 15 16  1 5 9 13  2 6 10 14  3 7 11 15  4 8 12 16  
```

## Palindrome (Task 2)
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7elZ1MmtNQzFYWkk

### Testcase 1 passed
