2015-2016/A/12/04/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:53:57 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
e:   6 s:   4 a:   3 i:   2 l:   2 n:   2 t:   2 c:   1 h:   1 m:   1 o:   1 r:   1 w:   1 y:   1 b:   0 d:   0 f:   0 g:   0 j:   0 k:   0 p:   0 q:   0 u:   0 v:   0 x:   0 z:   0
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 passed ✔︎

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/12/04/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:02 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 15
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
e:   6 s:   4 a:   3 i:   2 l:   2 n:   2 t:   2 c:   1 h:   1 m:   1 o:   1 r:   1 w:   1 y:   1 b:   0 d:   0 f:   0 g:   0 j:   0 k:   0 p:   0 q:   0 u:   0 v:   0 x:   0 z:   0
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5
