2015-2016/A/24/04/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:45:49 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
0
```
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
a:3 e:6 s:4 i:2 l:2 n:2 t:2 c:1 h:1 m:1 o:1 r:1 w:1 y:1 b:0 d:0 f:0 g:0 j:0 k:0 p:0 q:0 u:0 v:0 x:0 z:0
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 passed ✔︎

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/24/04/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:12 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
0
```
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 2.5
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 15
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
a:3 e:6 s:4 i:2 l:2 n:2 t:2 c:1 h:1 m:1 o:1 r:1 w:1 y:1 b:0 d:0 f:0 g:0 j:0 k:0 p:0 q:0 u:0 v:0 x:0 z:0
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5
