2015-2016/A/11/03/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:42:45 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
* ***
```
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
Ð23456789JQKA¢
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```

```

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/11/03/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:01 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
* ***
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task4.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 passed ✔︎ 
Test case 1 passed ✔︎ 

 Final points are 5
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
Ð23456789JQKA¢
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```

```

 Final points are 0
