2015-2016/A/20/03/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:44:22 2016

## Evaluating task_2.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
* ***
```
## Evaluating task4.c

**File compiled with error or warnings**

```
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c: In function ‘convert’:
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:25:6: warning: type of ‘temp’ defaults to ‘int’ [enabled by default]
 void convert(temp)
      ^
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:25:6: error: argument ‘temp’ doesn’t match prototype
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:4:6: error: prototype declaration
 void convert(char);
      ^
```

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
87
```
But was:
```

```
Test case 1 timeout 🕐
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 J Q K A
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```
o  l  l  e  H
```

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/20/03/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:08 2016

## Evaluating task_2.c

File doesn't match naming convention

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Triangle

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
* **
```
But was:
```
* ***
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task4.c

**File compiled with error or warnings**

```
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c: In function ‘convert’:
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:25:6: warning: type of ‘temp’ defaults to ‘int’ [enabled by default]
 void convert(temp)
      ^
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:25:6: error: argument ‘temp’ doesn’t match prototype
/home/tsvetelina/elsys/po-homework/2015-2016/A/20/03/task4.c:4:6: error: prototype declaration
 void convert(char);
      ^
```

### Task details:

Name: Roman to Arabic

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 timeout 🕐
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
219
```
But was:
```

```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Cards

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
23456789ТJQKA
```
But was:
```
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 J Q K A
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: Reverse

Description: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PKipJkyZJxG-_6vHuSciKRCL-OHaZD08dPUeGGyyDis/edit#slide=id.ge4ead636d_3_0

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
olleH
```
But was:
```
o  l  l  e  H
```

 Final points are 0
