2015-2016/A/25/04/README.md, before:

# Assignment report
---
Sat Jan  9 21:45:45 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 0
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
0
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 0
```
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
e : 6 s : 4 a : 3 i : 2 l : 2 n : 2 t : 2 c : 1 h : 1 m : 1 o : 1 r : 1 w : 1 y : 1 b : 0 d : 0 f : 0 g : 0 j : 0 k : 0 p : 0 q : 0 u : 0 v : 0 x : 0 z : 0
```
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 1
```

Commit message:

Update readme files with points

2015-2016/A/25/04/README.md, after:

# Assignment report
---
Mon Jan 11 22:06:12 2016

## Evaluating task1.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: is_prime

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 0
```
Test case 1 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
0
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 0
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task3.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: create_letter_distribution_diagram

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 15
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
e: 6 s: 4 a: 3 i: 2 l: 2 n: 2 t: 2 c: 1 h: 1 m: 1 o: 1 r: 1 w: 1 y: 1 b: 0 d: 0 f: 0 g: 0 j: 0 k: 0 p: 0 q: 0 u: 0 v: 0 x: 0 z: 0
```
But was:
```
e : 6 s : 4 a : 3 i : 2 l : 2 n : 2 t : 2 c : 1 h : 1 m : 1 o : 1 r : 1 w : 1 y : 1 b : 0 d : 0 f : 0 g : 0 j : 0 k : 0 p : 0 q : 0 u : 0 v : 0 x : 0 z : 0
```

 Final points are 0
## Evaluating task2.c

**File successfully compiled**

### Task details:

Name: exact_square

Description: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B83l5t-0yjU7ZjlDcVZTVnBzLVk

Points: 5
Test case 0 failed ✘ 

---
Expected:
```
1
```
But was:
```
Enter a number: 1
```

 Final points are 0
